what is the meaning of life and what
does it mean to lead a meaningful life
when you open a discussion of this on
the internet maybe you shouldn't expect
any better than the response that I've
gotten from Richard vegan gains maybe
you shouldn't expect anything better
than have someone write back to you with
a bunch of insults about the size of
your penis and boasts about how they
make for money than you something we all
knew at the start of this conversation
by the way
maybe you shouldn't expect any better
for veganism as a movement even for just
YouTube as a platform for entertainers
and aspiring filmmakers I think we
should expect better and I'm gonna get
straight to the point here and read the
reply I sent to Richard just about now
we're going now I asked you this though
how much better off would veganism be
today if we had leaders who were
approximately as intelligent as Bill
Clinton Bill Clinton is still in the
news he's still out there talking about
politics partly of course because his
wife continues to be a politician to
some extent um back when Bill Clinton
was president in states America most of
us thought of him as very foolish most
of us thought of him as not particularly
intelligent and then the memory of Bill
Clinton was transformed when all of us
were living through the era of george w
bush and george w bush was so poorly
spoken so scattered he made so many
strange gaffes that it seemed in
retrospect as if Bill Clinton was some
kind of intellectual giant compared to
what we all had to become accustomed to
in the era of of the george w bush but
my point is here bill clinton may of
maybe medium intelligence you always
want to be underestimated by your
adversaries he consistently benefited by
being underestimated
and so did I Bill Clinton would have
never made the mistake that Gary
Yourofsky made in his ridiculous
embarrassing YouTube video about
Palestine and Israel and Palestinians if
you guys don't know the video don't
watch it it's still up
he never deleted it he never retracted
it he never apologized he got further
dug in and he just justified his
position by saying that he hates all of
humanity that he's not a racist and he's
not anti Palestinian that he just hates
everyone so much doesn't that it's still
a stupid and Impala tech video it makes
veganism look bad makes him look bad it
basically ended his career it definitely
ended the possibility of his cooperating
with larger organizations like peda
People for the Ethical Treatment of
Animals whom he had cooperated with in
the past now a very distant memory
Bill Clinton never would have done that
or if somehow Bill Clinton had he would
have talked his way out of it with a
certain certain professional demeanor
now likewise any of these people you
know looking at Richard looking at vegan
gains you know Richard you know to
borrow a lyric from Effie in some ways
you are a dollar store Gary Yourofsky in
some ways you are the next rageaholic
self-indulgent madman to get on center
stage in the vegan movement after Gary
Yourofsky burnt out all right it's not
your fault you didn't really even choose
to put yourself there as you say I mean
the I gave this concession to people
like during Ryder and freely also up to
a point Richard your ethical position is
just that you want to play video games
and livestream and do whatever you want
to do and offer commentary on whatever
movies you've been watching or I
understand I understand you did not put
yourself forward to step into the shoes
of someone like Gary Yourofsky whereas
you know it can look at other people
like Joey Karp strong and you know maybe
they have more formally proposed
themselves to take on a leadership role
I think that's that significant however
you know Richard you're someone who
engages in political debate on the
Internet
here's someone who engages in political
criticism on the Internet you're someone
who engages in politics on the Internet
and above all else you're someone who
engages in in ethical philosophy moral
philosophy overtly presented as such you
should have been able to respond to this
question about what is the meaning of
life what does it mean to lead a
meaningful life with a lot more grace
and dignity than you have you you should
be able to respond to this like Bill
Clinton or better you know and you
should be able to do it for yourself and
you should be able to do it for the
future the movement so guys if it's ever
possible to avoid I avoid sharing
people's private correspondence of me
but what Richard wrote to me privately
is very similar to what he said publicly
lately he insults me about the size of
my penis and stuff like that and here is
my reply Richard do you think there is
such a thing as legitimate discussion of
ethical and political differences see
the attached image I'm not claiming that
I'm right here for example playing video
games is not a simple factual question
like will smoking cigarettes cause
cancer I'm claiming that I'm having a
discussion about what it is to have a
meaningful life period yes that's a
legitimate area of political and ethical
philosophy that you also as a public
figure engage in let's take a look at
what the attached image was this is a
public comment on my own YouTube channel
someone gave a kind of mixed defense of
vegan gains as you can see here quote I
am NOT a fan of heekin gains but he does
reach a particular demographic then I
reply yes but this is the beginning and
not the end of the discussion my own
views also are open to near-infinite
critique being a public figure and
talking about morality ethics and a
social movement like veganism makes all
of these questions inevitable and vegan
gains his case he primarily prefers to
speak in terms of ethical philosophy
so yeah it's hardly surprising that
someone like myself within question or
discuss the COO choices he makes
ethically it's not surprising Richard so
why are you so utterly taken by surprise
with this why don't you have something
more meaningful and measured and
gathered to say about this why don't you
have some more death some more moral
fiber some more character even if for
you this totally comes out of left field
because you engage in hours long debates
about ethics and moral philosophy your
channel every day so someone like me
who's a little bit older a little bit
more experienced suggesting that there's
a more meaningful use of your time than
live-streaming video games why are you
so hyper fragile and so hyper vengeful
in response to that I think we all know
the reason why yes that's a legitimate
area of political and ethical philosophy
that you also as a public figure
engaging you need to be able to regard
these differences of opinion as
legitimate compare for example a
response to Effie whom you know I'm
capable of positively appreciating
dissent and that even shows my
interactions with Isaac etc period you
aren't period I hope you get older and
wiser you don't want to hear what I was
doing when I was your age those you
don't know I'll give a link below this
video
Athy is a youtuber and obviously to some
extent a musician and creative person
and he put the work in to make a song
that to some extent is criticizing
here's to some extent is a parody of me
and I think some people were surprised
when I basically gave him a positive
Shoto in response to that doing it right
now again shout out death he and I said
yeah I'm gonna promote this you know
send the link through my patreon and my
Twitter and stuff doing it now on
YouTube I'm capable of positively
appreciating dissent puzzle appreciating
creativity parody self parody criticism
and self-criticism especially when it's
about you know the actual substance of
what it is we're supposed to be debating
here
you know Richard you're engaging in
misdirection and changing the topic and
dishonest tactics that you would never
accept in a debate with unnatural vegan
or with a carnist or with anyone else
you're doing things that you should be
ashamed of because they're exactly the
same things that you try so hard to make
others feel ashamed of when you're in
your very one-sided and uneven debates
with them so Richard I kind of do feel
sorry for you you've made it very clear
that when you look back at your life
what you wish is that you'd spent more
time playing video games and that you
could make more money doing it with less
effort to be like the live streamers you
idolize people like PewDiePie and ninja
and you actually claim that I'm jealous
you imagine that when I look back at my
life I wish that I'd spent more time
playing video games and making money by
live-streaming myself playing video
games that that's really not a debate
that we can have Richard there's no
further to go with that in terms of just
how deeply you've misapprehended the
situation that each of us is in
respectively and Richard I know you want
to try to denounce me by saying that
I've accomplished nothing I know in the
last three years five years whatever it
is I learned Chinese Richard when you
first got to know me when we first
talked I didn't speak read or write
Chinese and I'm actually really open to
discussing the extent to which learning
Chinese was a mistake or a poor choice
there was a waste of my time
compared to live-streaming video games I
don't know
compared to collecting motorcycles look
like I say there's really no further for
the
debate to go because you've engaged in
the railing yet again and again from the
real issue and the real issue is it's a
legitimate area of discussion and
conversation what is the meaning of life
what does it mean to have a meaningful
life and what should any of us do now in
2019 one in many ways the vegan movement
is at a low ebb and it's at a very low
ebb precisely because of people like you
Richard precisely because of people like
Gary Yourofsky people who have been so
stupid so inept even compared to the low
standards set by other political leaders
like Bill Clinton
then at the end